# Outpost-Mod

This is an extension mod but makes several significant changes to the gameplay. Most noteably the addition of the Outpost tile improvement.
Functionally, the Outposts are basically the same as Forts (which are still in the game because I could not remove them) except that they provide
significant offensive bonues to various units throughout the eras in addition to defensive bonuses. Bonuses gained from Outposts increase in later 
eras. The tactics involved in conquering territory is now more complex because cities with nearby (garrisoned) Outposts are much harder to take. 
Also if the city is taken without also neutralizing nearby Outposts the enemy can more easily retake the city. Outposts can only be built on a new 
bonus resource, Outpost Site. In earlier versions of this mod Outposts could be built anywhere but the AI either did not build them or they would 
build nothing but Outposts. Treating Outpost Sites as a bonus resource encourages the AI to build Outposts but not too many of them (although 
sometimes Outpost Sites will be clumped together). Also, since the Outpost Sites are a resource the AI will "accidently" settle cities in tactically 
beneficial locations.

Siege units and siege related promotions still have bonuses against cities but now provide bonuses against Outposts. So while a well used Outpost
is formidable it is still weak to siege units and units with siege related promotions.

Sight and movement bonuses are provided to Sword, Gunpowder, Mounted, and Armored units while they are garrisoned in Outposts. In this way the
Outposts can be used as jumping off points to conduct quick incursions into enemy territory or quickly intercept enemy untis invading your territory.

Ranged Gunpowder units have been added as a new unit type. They are field artillery units beginning in the Renaissance Era that upgrade from Archery
units. Ranged Gunpowder units gain sight and range bonuses as well as additional attacks while they are garrisoned in Outposts.

Armored Water units have been added as a new unit type. These are modern warships beginning in the late Industrial Era comprised of Ironclads,
Destroyers, Cruisers, Dreadnoughts, and Battleships. Cruisers (Armored Cruiser, Cruiser, Missile Cruiser) provide significant anti-aircraft coverage 
for nearby ships as well as bonuses against Outposts. Destroyers still fill the anti-Submarine role but also fill the Cruiser's combat role (although 
not as effectively) and use no strategic resources.

Guided Missiles have been revamped. They are now able to be intercepted and have promotions available to them so they can be specialized against 
certain targets, such as Cities/Outposts, Water units, Land units, or ECCM promotions that reduce the amount of damage taken from interception. 
Hypersonic Missiles are now available that are extremely powerful late-game weopons that are difficult (but not impossible) to defend against.
Also, fighters and the first Anti-Aircraft Gun cannot intercept missiles. Only the Mobile SAM and late-game ships can intercept missiles.

Fighters and Bombers have been revamped as well. The WWII era Fighter now upgrades to 3rd Gen Jet Fighter which in turn upgrade to 4th and 5th 
generation fighters. 5th generation fighters (along with Stealth Bombers) have significantly reduced damage taken from interception. A Strategic 
Bomber (B-52 or TU-95) has also been added that fills the gap between WWII era bombers and Stealth Bombers. Strategic Bombers (along with 4th 
generation fighters) have limited reduction to interception damage.

The Paratrooper is now a special forces unit that is invisible like Submarines but can be seen by other Paratroopers and Marines. Paratroopers have 
large bonuses against Outposts and use no movement to pillage. They can be used to covertly enter enemy territory and destroy Outposts or any other 
tile you want to neutralize before your main assualt force arrives.

Several units throughtout the game now recieve free upgrades when certain more advanced techs are researched. For instance, the Frigate recieves a 
30% strength bonus once Industrialization is researched. This simulates how 18th and 19th century wooden ships were upgraded to steam frigates in 
the late 19th century that had modernized weapons and armor plating. I did it this way to limit the number of new units but still acount for 
technological improvements.

I did not design this mod with any other mods in mind so it is probably not compatible with other mods. I have not tried so I don't know for sure. 
All images are in Fantasy Hex. If you find any errors or would like imaages in something other than Fantasy Hex then please reach out to me or send 
a pull request. I also have not done any translating so if you like this mod and would like to help with translation files then please reach out or 
send a pull request. 
